

# Meeting 1 #
_Sunday, September 20, 2009, 12:00 @ Lougheed Mall Food Court_

- Everyone present and accounted for - <br>
- Introductions - <b>5 min</b> <br>
- Brainstorming project ideas <b>45 min</b>
<blockquote>= Decided on Image Layering idea <br>
- Discussed website setup and management <b>10 min</b>
= Decided to use Google Code as our host <br>
= Jeff will be in charge of directing Website features <br>
- Discussed previous projects and experiences <b>15 min</b> <br>
- Project plan discussion <b>10 min</b>
= Image layering idea with orientation about generic PC. <br>
- Set a time for next team meeting <b>2 min</b>
= Monday, Sept. 21, 4:30 PM @ McKenzie Cafe @ SFU <br></blockquote>

- Tentative project managers volunteered<br>
<blockquote>= Jeff : Media <br>
= Marc : Documentation <br>
= Chien : Programming <br>
<h2>Member tasks</h2>
= Every member should write up their own bio. <br>
= Jeff will set up website. <br>
= Marc will write up a draft of our Project Plan. <br>
= Everyone should familiarize themselves with Objective C. <br>
= Look into installing Mac OS on PC <br></blockquote>

<h1>Meeting 2</h1>
<i>Monday, September 21, 2009, 4:30 @ McKenzie Cafe @ SFU</i>

- Chien is away sick, everyone else present - <br>
- Website is up and running. Thank you Jeff. <b>5 min</b>
<blockquote>= Student number and Bio need to be added to our site. <br>
- Decided on our team name : Virtual Mechanics <b>2 min</b> <br>
- Set up a weekly team meeting <b>3 min</b>
= Mondays at 4:30 until 5:30 in the McKenzie Cafe at SFU <br>
= Tuesday at 12:30 until 2:30 in CSIL at SFU <br>
- Gantt chart needed for project scheduling<br>
= Greg volunteered to head this one. <br>
- Talked about meeting in case of holidays <b>2 min</b>
= Meeting will be held at Lougheed Mall in this case <br>
- Discussed essential features of our project. <b>5 min</b> <br>
- Defined roles for our program <b>5 min</b>
= Admin <br>
= User <br>
<h2>Member Tasks</h2>
- Look into downloading XCode and MacOS onto PC <br>
- Marc will transfer Project Proposal to website <br>
- Review lecture slides <br>
- Add information to bio section of website <br></blockquote>

<h1>Meeting 3</h1>
<i>Tuesday, September 29, 2009, 12:30 @ Maggie Benston Centre @ SFU</i>

- Everyone is present - <br>
- Discussed assignment 2. <b>30 mins</b>
<blockquote>= Decided that every sub-category of assignment 2 should have its own wiki-page.<br>
<h2>Requirements Document</h2>
- Intended audience list will be drawn up in table form by greg.<br>
= Columns will be: "kinds of users", "experience", "expertise", and "goals" <br>
- The features portion of the req. doc. is to be worked on by all team members and is of the highest priority. <br>
= Automatic table of contents on a wiki page. <br>
= Must be an exhaustive list. <br>
= Everyone needs to work on this before Thursday's lecture. <br>
- Chien will work on the non-functional requirements part of the assignment. <br>
- Jeff will work on setting up some example tutorials. <br>
- Marc will work on the glossary for the user manual. <br></blockquote>

<h2>Design Document</h2>
- Greg will be taking care of the Guidelines section. <br>
- Tyler has already started working a little on the System Diagrams section. <br>
- Data requirements will be left alone for now until we've researched it a little more. <br>
<blockquote>= Greg mentioned using MySQL for our Database client. <br>
- Feature priorities will be assigned after we have completed our "Features" document. <br></blockquote>

<h2>Quality Assurance Plan</h2>
- Most of this will be discussed in our next meeting. <br>
- Internal deadlines will be set using both our Gantt chart and a list as a more physical reference. <br>

<h2>Member Tasks</h2>
- Work on respective assigned tasks for Assignment 2. <br>
- Greg to update Gantt Chart for assignment 2<br>
- Contribute to the "Features" wiki page.<br>
<br>
<h1>Meeting 4</h1>
<i>Tuesday, October 6, 2009, 12:30 @ CSIL @ SFU</i>

- Everyone present (Marc was late, sorry!) - <br>
- Touched base on Assignment 2 <br>
- Examples are looking great. Thanks Jeff! <br>
- Going to migrate wikis over to Google docs tomorrow. (Jeff) <br>
- Features, Glossary, Non-Functional requirements should be finished tonight. <br>
- Start work on Design Document and QAP tonight or tomorrow. <br>

<h2>Member Tasks</h2>
- Finish up Assignment 2a requirements and start on 2b <br>
- Meet up again tomorrow to regroup <br>

<h1>Meeting 5</h1>
<i>Tuesday, October 20, 2009, 12:30 @ CSIL @ SFU</i>

- Chien absent, everyone else present - <br>
- Went over returned grades on Assignment 2. <br>
- Checked out Tyler's version of our program so far. <br>
- Checklist of what we need to do:<br>
<ul><li>Implement features of Version 1 in a working version.<br>
</li><li>Update our requirements and design documents to reflect our work<br>
</li><li>Critical tasks as set out by Jeff. Please work on these!<br>
<ul><li>A copy of this list is available on the downloads page now.<br>
</li></ul></li><li>We will meet again on Thursday, 4:00 PM, at the Mac Lab in the eastern AQ (near Renaissance Cafe) to re-establish our roles and check on each other's progress. It is important that we have something to show for the next two day's of work.<br>
<ul><li>It is, of course, midterm time, but please have <i>something</i> to show. A finished product is not expected, only something to build on.<br>
<h2>Member Tasks</h2>
</li></ul></li><li>Work on critical tasks in the document that Jeff has drawn up.<br>
</li><li>Have something to show the rest of the group members related to what you're working on.<br>
</li><li>Read assignment 2 marking document, and summary as well.<br>
</li><li>Keep notes of what you work on (not just commenting in the code but actually write these things down on paper so we can keep a logbook of our progress). Documentation, as we have seen, is VERY important.<br>
</li><li>When in doubt, please consult meeting minutes, Assignment 2 summary, design document, quality assurance plan, and requirements document. <br></li></ul>

<h1>Meeting 6</h1>
<i>Thursday, October 22, 2009, 4:00 PM @ Mac lab in AQ</i>

- Everyone present - <br>
- Discussed program features - <br>
- Reviewed checklist of to-do items -<br>
<h2>Member Tasks</h2>
<ul><li>Continue working on critical tasks <br>
</li><li>Refine X-Code knowledge</li></ul>

<h1>Meeting 7</h1>
<i>Tuesday, October 27, 2009, 12:30 @ Mac lab in AQ</i>

- Everyone present - <br>
- Went over current version of software - <br>
- Continued with coding - <br>
- Not much to discuss for this meeting - <br>
<h2>Member Tasks</h2>
<ul><li>Continue working on the program to have it ready for submission!</li></ul>

<h1>Meeting 8</h1>
<i>Tuesday, November 3, 2009, 2:00 PM @ RCB, lower level by the pond</i>

- Chien absent. Everyone else present - <br>
- Topics covered this meeting:<br>
<ul><li>Unit testing and integration testing<br>
</li><li>Directory structure for server side (version 2)<br>
</li><li>Presentation of Version 1<br>
<ul><li>Need a script to cover what we will say.<br>
<ul><li>Priorities: 1. Powerpoint 2. Script<br>
</li></ul></li></ul></li><li>Help file implementation<br>
</li><li>Screenshots (updated ones) - Tyler to work on these<br>
</li><li>Updating documents for Version 1 submission<br>
<ul><li>MS Word - Clickable table of contents - look into it!<br>
</li></ul></li><li>Members helping manage each other for better accountability<br>
<h2>Member Tasks</h2>
</li><li>Put final touches on Version 1<br>
</li><li>Finalize updates for documentation<br>
</li><li>Get ready for presentation!</li></ul>

<h1>Meeting 9</h1>
<i>Tuesday, Nov 10, 12pm @ Outside CSIL</i> <br>
- All present<br>
- Topics covered:<br>
<ul><li>Version 2 documentation review<br>
</li><li>Plan for version 2 code<br>
<h2>Member Tasks</h2>
</li><li>Greg:<br>
<ul><li>In charge of all documents from now on, to keep them consistent throughout<br>
</li><li>Fix inconsistent coverpages, colors/fonts, wording (i.e. revision history vs. version history, parts vs. components, etc), reset formatting, redo numbering and table of contents. Label this as documentation version 2.1<br>
</li><li>Powerpoint slides and script for self and Tyler by Saturday night. Use powerpoint templates<br>
</li><li>Documents version 2.1 by Sunday night<br>
</li><li>Gantt chart update?<br>
</li></ul></li><li>IMPORTANT: Greg will need to know any new design changes so it reflects in the documentation. Greg will also continuously remind us of this fact.<br>
</li><li>IMPORTANT: Chien will continue to update the version 2 documentation on the website<br>
</li><li>Jeff and Tyler: Get iPhone app onto the iPhone (certificates, CSR, etc.)<br>
</li><li>Jeff: Improve program aesthetics (i.e. buttons, app icon, backgrounds, logo, etc)<br>
</li><li>Marc, Chien, Tyler and Jeff will work together on code for version 2:<br>
<ul><li>Use .plist to hold username and password. Ask only once in program first run.<br>
</li><li>Need to figure out how .plist gets/sets data<br>
</li><li>IMPORTANT: Use .xml to hold comments and pointers (for components and their related pictures). Figure out how .xml in iPhone works<br>
</li><li>Tyler has figured out .xml format for iPhone. Will review on Wednesday<br>
</li><li>Comments will go into .xml file from now on. This will potentially simplify updating between server-client<br>
</li></ul></li><li>Chien has coded "shake to reset" function, and a show icon next to machine names in select machine view. Will need to integrate into main code<br>
</li><li>Marc will finish help function by Wednesday, 11 Nov 2009<br>
</li><li>Jeff will research on photo albums<br>
</li><li>New button action: "comments" will change to "details", and clicking once shows a description (and possibly some photos), and a button on the bottom will link to the comments for that particular component/machine.</li></ul>

<h1>Meeting 10</h1>
<i>Monday, Nov. 16 @ SFU, outside CSIL</i> <br>
- Greg absent, Everyone else present <br>
- 92% on the assignment 3, great work everyone! <br>
- Discussed current version issues and updates:<br>
<ul><li>Need an executable (.exe) code for this version's release.<br>
</li><li>Photo album is functional; "posting" photo's is still not working though.<br>
</li><li>Commenting is still in progress.<br>
<ul><li>Need a loop to get user name, comment, and date from plist.<br>
</li></ul></li><li>Second 'machine' is in the works (Human chest)<br>
<ul><li>Need to update the glossary and other documentation to ensure there is no confusion that the app is not limited to only machines. It can also allow for biological objects and anything else!<br>
</li></ul></li><li>"Undo" stack limit suggested.<br>
<ul><li>Instead of mutable array, use pointer and queue?<br>
</li><li>Definitely not a priority right now! 100000 moves is approximately 1 mB, so it isn't a memory intensive operation in the first place.<br>
<ul><li>Check out the sizes of CGFloat and reference pointers in Objective-C just to be sure.<br>
- Gantt chart needs to be fixed and updated! Hasn't been done since Assignment 1!!!<br>
- New screenshots for web page AND help docs needed. <br>
- Update front page to reflect our project more accurately (now that we have a better idea). <br>
- Email sent to Prof. Tsang regarding whether there is a presentation on Thursday.<br>
- Need to update documentation about registering users.<br>
</li></ul></li></ul></li><li>Using a .plist. (key - username, value - password)<br>
</li><li>Two buttons at start up, with two text fields.<br>
<ul><li>Buttons - "Login" and "Register"<br>
</li><li>Fields - "User name" and "Password"<br>
</li></ul></li><li>If log-in is successful, go to the main menu. If not, display a notification.<br>
<h2>Member Tasks</h2>
- Marc needs to upload revised Help documents.(not including screenshots).<br>
- Jeff working on button graphics and front page. <br>
- Chien working on commenting. <br>
- Tyler working on photo posting. <br>
- Greg needs to update the documentation.</li></ul>

<h1>Meeting 11</h1>
<i>Tuesday, Nov. 24, 12:30 @ SFU, outside CSIL</i> <br>
- Everyone present <br>
- Script will be written up for our presentation (Greg) <br>
<ul><li>Chien, Tyler, and Greg will present<br>
</li><li>They will meet tomorrow at 4:30 to discuss everything<br>
- Need to email Prof. Tsang about presentation date and time (Marc) <br>
- Need a <b>Getting Started Tutorial</b> and a demo movie <br>
- Updates for documents will only be small changes now <br>
- Everyone should contribute to post-mortem <br>
- Greg's laptop is down, he will try to fix it tonight<br>
</li><li>If he can't, he will work more at SFU<br>
- Next meeting Tuesday, Dec. 1, CSIL<br>
<h2>Final implementations for V.M. app</h2>
</li><li>Photo-taking and posting<br>
</li><li>Commenting needs cleaning up<br>
</li><li>Shake-to-reset setting<br>
</li><li>Server-side for downloading/uploading<br>
</li><li>Update the help docs to include screenshots<br>
<h2>Member Tasks</h2>
</li><li><b>Marc</b>
<ul><li>Email Prof. Tsang about presentation<br>
</li><li>Get screenshots for final submission<br>
</li><li>Update help docs<br>
</li></ul></li><li><b>Chien</b>
<ul><li>Clean up commenting code to make it more presentable<br>
</li><li>Finish implementing shake-to-reset<br>
</li><li>Meet with Greg and Tyler about presentation<br>
</li></ul></li><li><b>Jeff</b>
<ul><li>Work on downloading from the server<br>
</li><li>Start on the demo movie and tutorial<br>
</li></ul></li><li><b>Greg</b>
<ul><li>Start working on presentation script and slideshow<br>
</li><li>Meet with Chien and Tyler about presentation<br>
</li><li>Fix your laptop!<br>
</li></ul></li><li><b>Tyler</b>
<ul><li>Work on photo-taking and posting<br>
</li><li>Work with the rest of the group to integrate their updates into the final version<br>
</li><li>Meet with Chien and Greg about presentation